[Yamato] Mei, take
her home for me, okay?
[Megumi] Sweet.
Salty.
Sweet.
Spicy.
[Momoko] Megu, good morning.
I brought you those mustard
leaf rice balls you like.
[Yamato] Sasano!
[Momoko] Kurosawa-kun.
Where's Kitagawa? The magazine
called and said they can't
get in touch with her.
Yeah. I've been trying to
get her to come to the door.
What should I do?
[Doorbell rings]
[Knocks at the door]
[Yamato] Kitagawa!
Are you in there, Kitagawa?
Yamato-kun?
[Momoko] Megu!
Did something happen to you?
You can talk to me if you wa-
[Megumi] Go away.
Megu, open the door!
[Megumi] No!
Who asked you to come here?
I'm not going back!
[Momoko] Megu...
[Megumi] No one
needs me! Nobody!
[Momoko] Why would you say that?
[Megumi] You don't
need me either!
[Megumi] Don't pretend to be my
friend when you don't really
give a damn about me!
Megu...
[Megumi] I've had it up to
here with people using me
and laughing at me.
Pretending to be my friends
when it's convenient.
You'll all run out
on me in the end.
And if that's the case,
I don't want friends!
I don't need them!
Get out of here! Leave me alone!
Kitagawa.
I know a girl just like you.
And she used to say that
she wanted to be alone.
That people are quick
to betray you.
That she didn't need friends.
[Megumi] She's right.
All they do is hurt you.
[Yamato] Not everyone
is like that!
There are people outside this
door who want to help you!
We're really thinking
about you, Kitagawa!
All you have to do
is open your eyes!
Staying in your room
won't change anything.
We won't be able
to help you either.
All you'll end up doing
is betraying the people
who are worried about you.
[Momoko] Megu, I'm sorry.
I left you alone because
I was thinking of myself.
I'm sorry.
What in the hell
are you sorry about?
I don't know why you're
hurting, Megumi, and
maybe I'll never know.
And I might not be able
to understand if you
told me about it,
but still, I want
to know what's up.
Your mother's worried too, Megu.
Tell me! Yell at me,
complain at me!
[Megumi] Nobody every
appreciated a damn thing
I did to make them happy.
I can't try hard enough.
I'll never be good enough.
Because they'll never be
satisfied and I'm sick of it!
I don't want to be an icon
for those people anymore!
Who gives a damn about that?!
It doesn't matter what
anyone thinks, Megu!
You've been working on your
looks since we were kids.
You became a model and people
stopped calling you ugly.
Isn't that what this
is really all about?
You can't give up on yourself
just because a few people
don't understand you.
I knew you were always cool.
You beat a lot of negativity
to become Megu-tan, I know.
I remember what they said
back then, and it still
doesn't matter.
You were cooler than anyone else
then, and you're still cooler
than they are now.
[Kid Momoko] It must
be nice to be tall.
[Kid Megumi] I'm in the back
because I'm the ugliest...
[Kid Momoko] Don't pay
any attention to them.
See? You're cute.
You should be more confident
in yourself, Megu.
[Megumi] You were
always there for me...
And I was a complete bitch
and pushed you away.
[Megumi] Momo-chan...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
[Footsteps approaching]
[Mei] Megumi-san
went back to work.
I'm terribly sorry.
[Momoko] Megu!
Did it go okay?
Yeah.
What a relief.
[Momoko] Really? Oh, here.
[Megumi] Will I...
be able to accept myself?
Can I... make these changes?
[Mei] When you're
unsure of yourself,
other people can get hurt.
[Megumi] Guess I should
have seen that coming.
This is what I get for
everything I've done until now.
[Momoko] Don't do that anymore.
[Girl 1] What? She was
treating you like trash,
and that's how you thank us?
Look. She didn't do
anything to you.
And now, all of you are
just ganging up on her.
[Girl 1] What's your damage?
[Girl 2] Enough, forget it.
[Girl 1] Don't be
ridiculous, moron.
[Mei] Why do people layer
unpleasantness on top
of unpleasantness?
[Megumi] What are you doing?
Oh, uh. Good morning!
Hey. What are you
doing with my desk?
[Asami] I-I'm sorry! I...
[Girl 1] Just the opposite.
So mean.
Opposite?
I was taking it back to
the classroom, that's all.
What for?
Because I couldn't just watch.
Megumi-chan, you're so nice.
I couldn't watch them do mean
things to you like this.
You're wrong about me.
I haven't been acting
like the real me, Asami.
I was just being nice to
you when I felt like I was
getting something from you.
[Asami] I know...
You've always been nice to me.
You've always taken
me out to have fun.
Megumi-chan, it's okay because
all those you did still made me
happy even if you didn't
think it was kind.
I'm sorry, but I don't
hate you, Megumi-chan!
Things will be okay, Asami-chan.
I don't know if you'd believe
it, but I've had worse.
Sorry I yelled at you.
Thanks a lot.
[Asami crying] Glad I could
help.
[Megumi] I'm not putting
on this act anymore.
I realize my lies hurt myself
and the people around me.
I'm done with the false
mind-reading and mind games.
I'm not gonna make any
more "friends" with my
money or my connections.
It's time I put Megu-tan to
bed and let Megumi Kitagawa
have some breathing room.
[Michiru] Is this good?
Yes, definitely.
Good morning.
Oh, Megumi-san,
you got a hair cut.
[Megumi] Yeah.
[Izumi] It looks nice.
I think I'd have a lot
of problems trying to
change my hairstyle.
Don't want people on the
internet saying a bunch
of mean things, yanno?
[Megumi] I wouldn't
worry about it.
[Izumi] What?
[Megumi] Give those people
power over you and you'll
never hear the end of it.
It's your hair one minute,
your diet the next,
followed by your body and
your boobs and your butt.
They don't matter, Izumi
Stop living your life for
people who don't know you.
Sorry. I had to work late.
[Yamato] Was it a good day?
[Mei] And then...
The seasons changed.
[Ms. Tachibana] Where did I
put that doggone wind chime?
Ah-ha!
Leave half for me, okay?
Mmhmm.
The summer festival
is coming up.
Really?
[Ms. Tachibana] You don't have a
date?
[Mei] What do you mean?
[Ms. Tachibana] What do you
think I mean?
Couldn't you ask him out?
No way.
Why can't you? Haha.
[Marshmallow purrs]
Chiharu-chan. You can go now.
Oh, okay.
What about you, Mei-chan?
Is something happening?
The summer festival.
Chiharu-chan, are you
going with someone?
[Chiharu] Oh, well, um I...
[Lady] Chiharu-chan!
You didn't tell me
you had a boyfriend!
Why are you girls keeping
secrets from me?!
[Mei] Oh, right...
Today is the festival.
It's from Asami-san.
"Everyone, wanna go to
the festival today?"
The traffic island at 3pm?!
Mei!
Mei-chan!
You're late!
[Mei] Sorry, I had to work.
Sorry for the short notice,
but I wanted to get everyone
out here and start early.
I'm happy you asked me.
[Asami] Awesome, Mei-chan!
Where are Kai and Kitagawa?
They said they're busy.
You and your short notices
are gonna be the death of me.
You're excited to be
here. Don't pick on her.
Don't hit me either!
You're so cool, Aiko-chan.
[Asami and Masashi laugh]
[Yamato] Right, let's go.
[Nakanishi] Alright, let's go!
[Asami] I'm going
to eat so much.
Oh wow, candied apples!
Let's get some chocolate
bananas, Asamicchi.
What? Why?
Everything looks good.
Mei, where should we start?
I kinda wish...
I had a yukata, too.
Mei, the outfit you have on is
cute, but you're always cute.
[Asami] Aaah! You shouldn't be
doing that in front of everyone!
No, it's not...!
Oh, don't mind the
two of us, Asami.
[Asami] What? What?! Seriously.
I'm looking right at you.
[Aiko] Jeez you two, it's hot
enough out here already.
[Yamato] Mei, what
do you want to eat?
[Mei] Gohei mochi.
[Game Operator] Sorry about
that.
[Mei] I've got a
cat at home, so...
[Aiko] We had fun catching
them, so it's fine.
[Game Operator] Thank you.
[Asami gasp] American hot dogs!
[Nakanishi] Asamicchi, wait!
She's eating more?
Are you okay?
You ate too much, Asamicchi.
[Masashi] Maybe you should go
home and rest for a little bit.
Yeah. Can you walk?
[Asami] Mm-mm.
[Nakanishi] Sorry about that.
[Asami] Sorry...
What do you think
we should do next?
Wait for the fireworks display?
That's still a long time off.
I'm headed back home.
My feet are killing me.
Want me to carry you there?
[Aiko] That's not cool.
[Masahi laughs goofily]
Then, I guess we're going
our separate ways.
[Masahi] Yeah.
[Nakanishi] Let's take
breaks on our way home.
[Asami] Okay...
[Aiko] Don't push
yourself too hard.
[Masashi] Later!
I'm home.
Mei, where in the
world have you been?
I've been trying to call you.
[Mei] You called? Oh, sorry.
[Ms. Tachibana] I rushed all
the way home, so I could
help you put it on.
Huh?
My yukata, silly!
I thought you were going
to the summer festival,
so I got it out for you.
Come on, hurry up.
[Mei] It's fine.
I already went, mom.
Sorry. You went through all this
trouble getting it ready...
You should go again.
You're not by
yourself this year.
You're dating Yamato-kun,
aren't you?
[Mei] I told you. I already-
[Ms. Tachibana] You're going to
go back.
But definitely not like that.
You'll go there wearing a
yukata and traditional makeup.
But...
[Ms. Tachibana] It's times like
these that you need to be a
girl, sweetheart.
The important thing is
doing everything you can
for the person you love
on a day like this,
like I'm gonna do for you.
You may not understand it now,
but by the end of the night,
it'll make a lot more sense.
Come on, Mei.
[Announcer] The fireworks
display will begin shortly.
The fireworks display
will begin shortly.
[Crowd exclaiming in awe]
[Cellphone goes off]
[Yamato] Hm?
[Mei] See you later!
[Megumi] Bleh.
[Kai] Bleh?
What about the festival?
Meeting people is
such a hassle, and...
I'm still figuring out
why I've gone out with
you in the first place.
That's harsh.
It's beautiful.
Yeah.
[Megumi] Why AM I spending
time with you?
[Kai] What?!
[Mei] It's so hot.
The fireworks are ending!
My hair's a mess, and my
makeup is all over the place!
[Crowd cheers]
[Announcer] The fireworks
display has ended.
Thank you very much.
[Mei] I didn't make it in time.
Why am I thinking about this?
Dad, Mom.
They were so kind
and loving to me.
Even if something bad
happened at school,
I felt like they were saying,
"I'll protect you."
[Mei breathing heavily]
[Mei] Yamato!
I'm... I'm sorry... for having
you come back out here.
I'm sorry!
Yamato?
Oh, s-sorry. It's just
that uh... You're so cute.
My mother got a
yukata out for me.
She helped me put it on.
The fireworks are over, but I
really wanted you to see me.
Sorry... for inviting you
out for something so stupid.
[Yamato] It's definitely
not stupid. And you...
are amazing.
[Mei] Going forward
from here...
[Yamato] No matter
what happens...
Everything that begins
must also end.
The seasons change,
and time flows calmly.
[Cellphone goes off]
[Mei] Oh! It's from Yamato.
What's this? "I caught
a cold. Achoo. (Cry)."
Yamato, are you okay?
[Marshmallow] It looks
like there's a little more
trouble ahead, meow.